README.md, before:

```
[FOR HIRE] Looking for a Unity3D or iOS developer? Send me a message! [FOR HIRE]
```

# Unity3D Examples
This repository is a collection of examples for Unity3D.

## Goal
- My primary goal is to provide myself examples for my work in Unity3D.
  I do this in all languages I've learned so far (ObjC and Swift being my primary languages for the past 13 years with some bits of C# for Xamarin - now moving on to C# in Unity3D) since implementing code myself teaches me way more than just copy/paste examples found somewhere on the internet.
  This is the first example repository I also uploaded to Github: if it is of any help to someone else as well I am very happy about it.
- This reposity is supposed to give you an idea of my coding style and coding skills. In countless interviews I had - as an interviewee but also as in interviewer - coding examples were always really helpful for both sides to get an understanding of the developer's work.

## Important info about the content
- The examples are usually simplified without the usage of patterns, tests, null checks etc.
They are meant to only specifically show what's necessary in the example.
Very good examples for patterns, testing and all other necessities in software development can be found on Github and Stackoverflow already.
- Unity3D editor version used for the examples: `2020.1.5f1`

## Issues
- If you have any issues with the examples provided feel free to open an issue here in Github. Technical problems, questions, etc. are all welcome. Also suggestions for examples not yet included.

## Examples included so far
- Events: register and invoke a simple event
- EventWithParameters: use events with parameters

## Examples already planned for the future
- PlayerPrefs
- simple database using binary files

Commit message:

Provide some info about the structure of the project.

README.md, after:

```
[FOR HIRE] Looking for a Unity3D or iOS developer? Send me a message! [FOR HIRE]
```

# Unity3D Examples
This repository is a collection of examples for Unity3D.

## Goal
- My primary goal is to provide myself examples for my work in Unity3D.
  I do this in all languages I've learned so far (ObjC and Swift being my primary languages for the past 13 years with some bits of C# for Xamarin - now moving on to C# in Unity3D) since implementing code myself teaches me way more than just copy/paste examples found somewhere on the internet.
  This is the first example repository I also uploaded to Github: if it is of any help to someone else as well I am very happy about it.
- This reposity is supposed to give you an idea of my coding style and coding skills. In countless interviews I had - as an interviewee but also as in interviewer - coding examples were always really helpful for both sides to get an understanding of the developer's work.

## Important info about the content
- The examples are usually simplified without the usage of patterns, tests, null checks etc.
They are meant to only specifically show what's necessary in the example.
Very good examples for patterns, testing and all other necessities in software development can be found on Github and Stackoverflow already. :-)
- Unity3D editor version used for the examples: `2020.1.5f1`

## Structure of the project
- You will find one folder per example in the `Asset` folder in the Unity editor. Within those folder you'll find the usual structure you might know from other projects like scenes, scripts, prefabs etc.

## Issues
- If you have any issues with the examples provided feel free to open an issue here in Github. Technical problems, questions, etc. are all welcome. Also suggestions for examples not yet included.

## Examples included so far
- Events: register and invoke a simple event
- EventWithParameters: use events with parameters

## Examples already planned for the future
- PlayerPrefs
- simple database using binary files
